Now, before doing anything,
I wanna show you the network settings
of my Kali machine.
So I'm gonna select I here.
I'm gonna go to Settings.
Network.
And as you can see, it's set to use a NAT network.
So now if I go to my Kali machine and do ifconfig,
we'll see we have an interface called eth0.
This interface is a virtual interface created
by VirtualBox because we set this machine
to use a NAT network.
You can also see that this interface has an IP address,
which means that it is properly connected
to this NAT network,
and it will provide the Kali machine
with internet access
as long as my host machine right here
has internet access.
So now on my Kali, if I go
and let's say if I just go to bing.com
on my browser,
you'll see that I can successfully go to the website
because Kali is connected to the internet
through this virtual interface
that is called eth0.
Now, if we go back to our diagram
that shows what we need to create an access point,
you can see that we need an interface
that is connected to the internet.
We don't care what type of interface this is
as long as this interface has internet access.
So in our example, we're gonna be using eth0
to provide our fake access point with internet access.
The other interface that we need,
we said that this needs to be a wireless adapter
that is able to act as an access point.
Again, if I go back to the result
of my ifconfig, you can see I already have
a wireless adapter connected to this computer.
It's called lan0.
Keep in mind that this is in managed mode,
it's not in monitor mode,
and it is not connected to anything.
So you can see it does not have an IP address.
This is very, very important.
It needs to be, first of all, in managed mode,
and second, not connected to any network.
So even if we go at the Network Manager in here,
you can see we have wired connected,
this is my eth0, and Wi-Fi not connected.
Once we have everything configured properly,
we can go ahead and start the fake access point.
The program we'll use is called Wifi Hotspot.
It's pre-installed in the custom Kali Linux
that we made for this course.
So all you have to do is simply click
on Show Applications in here
and type Wifi, and you'll have the application in here.
Now, if you're using the original Kali,
I'm gonna include a link in the resources
that you can use to download and install this tool
but right now, we can simply click
on it right here to start it.
And as you can see,
it has a really nice graphical user interface
that is self-explanatory.
But I'm just gonna walk you through it real quick.
You can see, first of all,
it's asking us for the SSID.
This is the name of the network
that the clients will see when they look
for Wi-Fi networks around them.
So I'm gonna keep this as Internet.
Next, it's asking us if we want to have a password
on this network.
So I checked the Open box,
which basically means this will be an open network
with no password
because it makes more sense in our scenario
so that we can attract more people
and spy on their traffic.
If, in your scenario, it makes more sense
to have a password on the network,
then you can uncheck this box
and put the password in here.
So I'm gonna check it back in
'cause I want it to be open,
and next, it's asking us for the Wi-Fi interface.
This is the interface that will be broadcasting the signal.
So this will be this interface right here.
And in our case, this is my wireless adapter
and it's called lan0, as we've seen earlier.
And next, it's asking us for the internet interface.
This is the interface
that will provide the fake access point
with internet access.
Again, going back to the diagram,
this will be the interface in here,
and we said it doesn't matter what type of interface.
It could be a wireless card or a wired.
It doesn't really matter.
In my case, I'm actually getting
my internet access from eth0.
So it's already selected correctly.
And that is my virtual interface
that is connected to my virtual NAT network.
Now, before starting the access point,
let's click on the Advanced
just to have a look on the other options that we can set.
So you can see, you can select the frequency band.
You can set it to auto or five gigahertz.
You can set this network to be hidden.
You can use a pre-shared key.
You could set the MAC address of the network.
You could configure it to not use an virtual interfaces.
This might be useful to try if it's failing to start
but we're gonna keep it the way it is.
You can specify the channel
that you what the network to broadcast on.
You can check this box to use MAC filtering,
and then specify the MAC addresses
that you want to allow to connect to this network
in here in this box
so that only the specified MAC addresses in here
are allowed to connect to this network.
Again, we don't want to do this in here.
And you can also select the standard in here
for the n and the ac.
We're just gonna keep everything
on the default settings in here.
We really don't need to change anything
in our specific scenario.
But I just wanted to go through it real quick
just so you have an idea
in case any of these options make sense
in a future scenario that you'll find yourself in
in the future.
So the main things that you'll really need to set
when you're starting a fake access point
is the name, the Wi-Fi interface
and the internet interface,
and once you're ready, click on Create hotspot.
And perfect, now it's running as you can see,
and it's giving us the process ID that it's running through
just in case it freezes and you need
to kill it through the terminal.
But now we have a fake access point
that looks like a real Wi-Fi network with internet access
that is broadcasting within our range,
and the name of this wireless access point is Internet.
So let's go to the Windows machine
and see if this access point is working as expected.
So right here I have a Windows machine.
It's another virtual machine
but I have another wireless adapter connected
to this machine.
Do not test this from your host machine
because the fake access point
is getting its internet access from the host machine
through the NAT network.
So if you test this network from the host machine,
the network will not work.
So either test it from another virtual machine
with another wireless adapter,
or if you don't have another wireless adapter,
then you can test it from your phone
or from another laptop
or any other computer within range.
But do not ever test it from the host machine.
So right here, I'm gonna search for networks to connect to.
And as you can see, I have a network called Internet.
It does not use a password,
so I'm just gonna connect to it.
As you can see, I'm connected now.
And I'm gonna open Firefox
just to check if I have internet connection.
So I'm gonna go to bing.com.
And as you can see, bing.com's loading,
so now I actually have internet access.
So now anything I do on this computer
will have to be sent to the access point
if I want to access any websites,
if I enter any passwords and usernames.
Everything is gonna go to the access point.
And the access point is the hacker machine,
so the hacker machine is already the man in the middle.
So now you're at the same position
that you would be after running an ARP spoofing attack.
So you can go ahead and use Wireshark to sniff packets
and analyze them
or you can go and use bettercap exactly
as I showed you before.
The only thing that you need to keep in mind
when using Wireshark or any other tool,
you need to set the interface
to the interface that is broadcasting the signal.
So this is the interface that you set in the PHY option,
not in the upstream.
So in my case right now,
this would be lan0, not eth0.
Once you're done and you wanna stop this access point
from running, don't click on the X,
make sure you click on Stop first
to stop it properly.
And then you can exit the program
and continue whatever you wanna do.